Vote Text for comments (#8)
Valdorff/rp-thoughts: vote_text_drafts/rpip-28.md

> Vote options:
> - For
> - Against
> - Abstain

> # Deposits Under the Minimum (RPIP-28)

Reviewer: Note, check my terminology around minipools and nodes, I'm unfamiliar with the common terms.

> 

Reviewer: Add sentence summary? Something like:

"This vote concerns RPIP-28, which describes the functionality for a node to create a new minipool when under the "minimum" RPL threshold by both depositing ETH and staking RPL at the same time."

Author: I think I'm going "RPIP-28 proposes an additional method of creating a new minipool by depositing ETH and RPL together, which will be possible regardless of the Node's current amount of RPL staked."

Thanks for the reminder of the summary sentence.

### Outcomes

>  If this vote passes, it will be possible to make a minipool deposit when under the "minimum" RPL threshold by depositing the ETH and staking (at least) the minimum amount of RPL needed for a single minipool of that type (this is in _addition_ to the current method). Note that this requires a smart contract change, so it won't take effect until it is included in a larger smart contract release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this vote passes, it will indicate the pDAO's support of the functionality described in RPIP-28. Once implemented, this will make it possible to make a minipool deposit when under the "minimum" RPL threshold by depositing the ETH and staking (at least) the minimum amount of RPL needed for a single minipool of that type. This is in _addition_ to the current method.
 
 This will require a smart contract change, so it will not take effect until it is included in a larger smart contract release.
```

I struggled to reword this usefully, maybe this?

Author: Took a different stab at it -- have a look when pushed

### Rationale

> It is currently possible to create a new node to deposit a minipool. In other words, this feature does _not_ change the ability for a Node Operator to create a new minipool - they'll be able to create one for the same amount of ETH and RPL. What it _will_ impact is the convenience. A handful of folks have said they would have created more minipool(s) if they could've added them to their existing node while being under the minimum. This would help us provide more rETH supply, while not trading off much of anything.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is currently possible to create a new node to deposit a minipool, so this feature does _not_ change the ability for a Node Operator to create a new minipool. They'll be able to create one for the same amount of ETH and RPL. 

This change instead makes the process more convenient. A handful of folks have said they would have created more minipool(s) if they could've added them to their existing node while being under the minimum.

 This should help us provide more rETH supply, with no significant trade-off. 
```

Mostly fiddling tbh.

Author: I do like the additional whitespace. Ended somewhere in between
